# SCAIFE-API

The YAML file specifies the Source Code Analysis Integrated Framework Environment (SCAIFE) API definition beta version 0.0.2 [1,2,3], in a format that developers can easily use to view, modify, and automatically generate code from (e.g., with the Swagger-Editor and Swagger-Codegen tools [4]). The YAML file was almost entirely manually created by SEI developers. The only things that were auto-generated by Swagger tools within the YAML file are some of the examples. 

SCAIFE is an architecture that supports static analysis alert classification and prioritization. It is designed so a wide variety of static analysis tools can integrate with the system using the API definition we are developing. We expect this paper to be of interest to organizations that develop and/or research static analysis tools, static analysis alert auditing aggregators, and other static analysis alert auditing frameworks. This SCAIFE beta API definition can be referenced by developers, to help them to estimate development effort that would be required to modify their organization’s tool(s) to make and respond to SCAIFE API calls. Also, this beta API definition is being published with a goal of generating feedback from developers and organizations interested in implementing the SCAIFE API, to help improve SCAIFE API v1.0 to become more easily usable by developers for a wide variety of static analysis tools. Compared to the beta API definitions, the published SCAIFE API v1.0 definition will include implementation details, the architecture description, motivations, and a prototype system.

1. Lori Flynn, Ebonie McNeil, and Aubrie Woods. "SCAIFE API Definition Beta Version 0.0.2 for Developers", whitepaper, Software Engineering Institute, June 14, 2019. https://resources.sei.cmu.edu/library/asset-view.cfm?assetID=549351
2. Lori Flynn, Ebonie McNeil, and Aubrie Woods. "Integration of Automated Static Analysis Alert Classification and Prioritization with Auditing Tools: Special Focus on SCALe", technical report, Software Engineering Institure, May 13, 2019. https://resources.sei.cmu.edu/library/asset-view.cfm?assetid=546157
3. "Using Automation to Prioritize Alerts from Static Analysis Tools", Software Engineering Institute webpage on research topic, created September 2017. https://www.sei.cmu.edu/research-capabilities/all-work/display.cfm?customel_datapageid_4050=6453
4. Swagger pinned repositories. GitHub Website. github.com/swagger-api


Copyright 2007-2019 Carnegie Mellon University. All Rights Reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the fol-lowing disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. Products derived from this software may not include “Carnegie Mellon University,” "SEI” and/or “Soft-ware Engineering Institute" in the name of such derived product, nor shall “Carnegie Mellon University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact permission@sei.cmu.edu.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:
This material is based upon work funded and supported by the Department of Defense under Contract No. FA8702-15-D-0002 with Carnegie Mellon University for the operation of the Software Engineering Insti-tute, a federally funded research and development center.
The view, opinions, and/or findings contained in this material are those of the author(s) and should not be construed as an official Government position, policy, or decision, unless designated by other documenta-tion.
NO WARRANTY. THIS CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE MATERIAL IS FURNISHED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, EXCLUSIVITY, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE MATERIAL. CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO FREEDOM FROM PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.
[DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A] This material has been approved for public release and unlimited dis-tribution.  Please see Copyright notice for non-US Government use and distribution.
This material includes field names used in the Software Assurance Marketplace (SWAMP), a service that provides continuous software assurance capabilities to developers and researchers at https://www.mir-swamp.org/#.  Copyright © 2012-2019 The Morgridge Institute for Research, Inc. All rights reserved.”
This material includes field names used in the Software Assurance Tool (SwAT), a tool that is used by ana-lysts to analyze static analysis alerts from multiple static analysis tools. https://www.cerdec.army.mil/ Combat Capabilities Development Command (CCDC) C5ISR Center. All rights reserved.
DM19-0572


